java c
Assessment   2
PS923   -   Methods   and   Analysis   in   Behavioural   Science
Autumn   Term   2024   (updated:   2024-12-06)
•      This   assessment   counts   for   36%   of your   overall   grade.
•    Submission   Instructions:    Submit   your   solution   as   one   html   or   pdf   document   containing   R   code,   R   output,   figures,   and   written   out   text   (i.e.,   full   sentences)   to   Tabula   (Assessment   2)   by   12:00   noon (midday)   on   Wednesday,   15th   January   2025.
•    Please   use   RMarkdown   to   create   the   document.
•    Important:    Your   document   should   be   called   YOUR-STUDENT-ID_a2   (followed   by   the   correct   file   ex-   tension).      Please   also   add   your   student   ID   to   the   top   of   the   document.      To   help   ensure   anonymous marking,   please   refrain   from   using   your   name   in   either   the   document,   script,   or   the   file   name.
•   Your   text   does   not   need   to   contain   references   (i.e.,   references   to   scientific   papers).
General   Guidelines
Please   complete   the   following   tasks.       Your   answers   should   have   two   separate   sections   for   each   task,   one   immediately   after   the   other.In   the   first   section,   write   out   your   answers   using   complete   sentences,   as   you   might   for   the   results   section   of a   paper.   Include   descriptive   statistics   in   the   text,   or   in   tables   or   figures   as   appropriate.   Tables   and   figures   should be of publication quality   (i.e., fully labelled, etc.).   Integrate inferential statistics into   your   description   of the results.   Your answers might be short.    Given the   correctness/appropriateness of the   statistical   analysis,   the   first   section   will   play   the   main   role   for   your   mark.The   second   section   acts   as   an   appendix; this   should   include   the   complete   R   code   that   you   used   and   its   output.   Add   comments   (after   a   #)   to   explain   what   the   code   does.      The   code   should   show   all   of   the   commands   that you   used;   enough   for   others   to   replicate   exactly   what   you   did   (I   will   be   copying   and   pasting   code   to   run   it,   so   make   sure   that   works).    The   second   section   will   be   used   to   help   identify   the   source   of   any   mistakes.   You   can   include   figures   here   that   you   used   to   explore   the   data   that   you   do   not   wish   to   include   in   the   first   section.   For   practical   reports   and   papers   you   would   only   submit   the   first   section   in   the   main   manuscript.
For   an   example   of such   a   solution,   see   the   Assignment   1   sheet.
Finally,   please   note   that   submitting   AI-generated   text   for   this   assessment   will   be   considered   as   plagiarism;   i.e.,   suspected   cases   will   be   referred   to   the   academic   integrity   panel.
Task   1   Personalised   references
When   applying   for   a   job,   it’s   obviously   highly   desirable   to   have   a   relevant   CV   and   good   references.    This   task   relates   to   whether,   and   the   extent   to   which,   the   quality   or   style   of references   may   influence   decisions.The   file   candidate   .csv   provides   simulated   (i.e.,   fictitious)   data   for   how   potential   employers   (identified   by   uID   number)   perceived   various   job   candidates   (rated   on   a   scale   of   0   to   100;   0   denoting   definitely   wouldn’t   interview,   100   being   definitely   would   interview).    Each   rating   was   given   after   reading   the   candidate’s   CV   and   a   reference   letter   for   the   candidate.The   experiment   used   two   types   of   candidates;   each   was   either   applying   for   a   managerial   role   (where   the employer   would   be   likely   to   interact   regularly   with   the   candidate   in-person   if   they   subsequently   got   the   job)   or   a   technical   role   (where   they   would   be   less   likely   to   meet   on   a   day-to-day   basis).    The   reference   of each   candidate   had   a   bias:   each was   manipulated   to   either   be   slightly   positive   or   slightly   negative.    Half the   references   were   personalised   (these   included   a   small   photo   of the   reviewer’s   face   in   a   corner   of the   page,   and a   ‘flashy’ signature in coloured   ink)   whilst   the   other   half   were   not   (no   photo,   and just   the   printed   name   of   the   referee).      Note   that   each   employer   only   saw   one   reference   (positive   or   negative)   for   any   particular candidate,   and   each   employer   saw   an   equal   number   of   positively   and   negatively   biased   reviews   across   the   different   items.Given   that   references   supply   information,   the   general   expectation   is   that   the   positively   biased   references   will   tend   to   produce   higher   ratings   than   the   negatively   biased   references,   but   is   this   effect   similar   for   both   personalised   and   non-personalised   references    (and   for   different   role   types)?       Some   might   expect   that   the   impact   of the   reference   bias   would   be   greater   for   personalised   ref代 写PS923 - Methods and Analysis in Behavioural Science Autumn Term 2024 Assessment 2SPSS
代做程序编程语言erences   than   the   nonpersonal.The   focal   hypothesis   is   that   the   effect   of   bias   (on   ratings)   is   stronger   for   personalised   references   than   for nonpersonal   references.   The   type   of   role   (management   or   technical)   mainly   serves   as   a   control   variable   but should   also   be   considered.   Please   analyse   the   data   with   a   repeated-measures   (within-subjects)   ANOVA   and report   the   results   as   you   would   in   a journal   paper.If you were to run a similar study in   future   (i.e.,   with the   same   general   aims,   but   with   the   potential   for   small   changes in the design), is there   anything   particular   that   you   would   change,   or   specifically   aim   to   control   for?   Please   comment   on   this   at   the   end   of your   report.
Task   2   Short-cuts   and   time   penalties
Time   is   a   precious   commodity,   so   it   is   not   surprising that   many   choices   in   life   depend   on   perceptions   of risk   in   relation   to   how   much   time   something   might   take   or   save.This   task   provides   simulated   data   (in   file   speed_greed.csv)   on   how   individuals   make   choices   when   they   are   trying   to   achieve   a   goal   in   a   minimal   amount   of time.    The   participants   encounter   choices   in   an   online   (single-player)   game;   they   make   several   such   choices   before   completing   each   level   of the   game.    The   options   are   sometimes   useful   shortcuts   and   sometimes   impose   time   penalties.    The   decisions   govern   how   much   of   a   risk   they   take   when   choosing   between   shortcuts,   or   when   avoiding   time   penalties.    Prior   to   each   decision,   the   participant   learns   whether   they   will   face   a   shortcut   option   or   a   time-penalty   (i.e.,   they   know   that   they   will   gain   or   lose   time   on   that   decision,   but   not   how   much   time).Having   learned   that   there   is   an   available   shortcut,   for   instance,   they   will   be   given   a   choice   between   a   high- variance   choice   (e.g.,   saving either   100 or   500   seconds, with equal   probability),   or   a   low-variance   choice   with the   same   average   (e.g.,   saving   either   200   or   400   seconds,   again   with   equal   probability).   Thus,   either   option   saves   the   same   amount   of time   on   average   (300   seconds   in   this   example)   –   but   one   option   is   known   to   have   a   higher   variance   (i.e.,   it   is   more   ‘risky’).   If,   instead   of a   shortcut,   they   had   been   informed   that   they   would   receive   a   time   penalty,   then   after   making   their   choice   for   whether   to   go   for   the   more   or   less   risky   option,   they   would   then   lose   that   amount   of   time   (according   to   the   same   general   scheme).Having   familiarised themselves with the game   (moving   up,   down,   left,   right,   and   how   to   select   options   when   faced   with   choices),   each   participant   was   tasked   with   traversing   3   levels      (L1,    L2,    L3).       To      motivate   the participants,   payment   for   their   involvement   was   linked   to   the   speed   with   which   they   completed   the   3   levels   (the   faster,   the   better).   In   each   level,   18   key   decisions   were   recorded   (of   whether   they   took   the   high   or   low risk   option);   choices   for   a   high   variance   outcome   are   denoted   by   1;   choices   for   the   low   variance   outcome   are   denoted   by   0.The   file   provides   data   for   80   participants;   the   data   is   in   a   wide   format   (one   line   per   participant),   with   the   intent   being to   have   recorded   a   1   or   0   for   each   decision;   however,   the   recording   system was   not   perfect;   very   occasionally   it   would   not   record   a   value   for   one   of   the   choices.Each   participant   was   assigned   to   one   Experience   group:      shortcut,   penalty,   or   mixed,   which   governed   experiences   during   level   2   of the   game.   In   levels   1   and   3,   some   gamble   options   were   for   shortcuts,   and   some   were   for   time   penalties.   The   options   presented   to   a   participant   in   level   1   was   repeated   in   level   3   (though   in a   different   order,   to   help   prevent   participants   noticing).   During   level   2,   the   participant’s   group   determined   whether   they   repeatedly   faced   shortcuts,   time   penalties   or   a   mix   of   the   two.      The   order   of   trials   in   each   group was randomized   separately   for each participant,   so   each   individual   saw   the   trials   in   an   order   that   was   uniquely   created   for   them.Your   task   is   to   analyse   the   data   with   an   ANOVA   and   address   the   research   question   of whether   a   series   of positive   or   negative   experiences   (i.e.,   shortcuts   or   penalties)   has   an   effect   on   the   probability   of   making   a risky   (i.e., high variance) choice.    In other words, are risk preferences stable   or   affected   by   recent   experiences?   Please   report   the   results   as   you   would   in   a journal   paper.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
